>> Steve Kinney: The other thing you
can do is for stuff like email address
verification, you can actually customize
the emails or a password reset email,
and you can trigger a lot of that
stuff from the auth module as well.
And you can also effectively
get some data on your users.
One thing to keep in mind
is that out of the box,
I think it's down here, there are some
other settings that you can change.
Which is, what domains are the users
allowed to login from?
So this is, Firebase has a hosting service
that we'll play around with a little bit.
So they can log in to the app either
from my official hosting service or
from local hosts.
And you can add other ones if you need to.
One account per email address, so
that's why I made one of those
fake email addresses for
my email characters cuz I use both
of my real ones for the Google auth.
And then the other one is,
this is just kind of protection
which is from a given IP address,
100 sign ups per hour for
your application, right.
So if someone isn't spamming you and
try to sign up for a bunch of accounts.
So those are some of
the settings in there as well.
But that is how we can implement.
So we saw how to do an OAuth.
OAuth might not work for you, so
we can also sign up with email and
password and
stuff along those lines as well.
But it's pretty straightforward.